README.md, before:


### Hey There, I'm Mani. 👋

![Image Of Mani Aimlessly Scrolling GitHub On Phone During A Live Event](https://manikumar.in/images/website/socialimg.jpg)

#### A Product Management Professional From India. 

##### 👒 I Wear The Hats Of A Python + JAMstack Developer, Designer, Marketer, S.E.O Consultant and Automation Junkie

I’m a passionate entrepreneur with over 5 years of experience in building & scaling initiatives. I aim to combine my insights to join and help teams collaboratively identify pain points, automate/optimize workflows and reach goals. 

I'm passionate about working with initiatives and teams that promote mental health, animal care, create impact or make life easier. 

<!-- I'm sorry for using HTML in my Markdown file 🙉 -->

<details>
  <summary>I firmly believe that remote is the 'future' of work.</summary>
  
> *cough* Please join me in a rant on how "working remotely" and "working from home despite a global pandemic" are two *completely* different things. 🤨

</details>


#### What would you find on my GitHub? 
- Projects and working concepts that have helped automate/optimize mundane tasks for my life as a developer.
- Projects that support my work as the Co-Founder and Product Lead at [TheMindClan](https://themindclan.com), a platform that's making mental health accessible (and a personal journey) to Indians.

#### What Do I Code In? 💻
Any language that I can pick up, to help the teams of various projects I'm part of. My first preference would be Python (FastAPI/Flask/Django)  & Hugo with whichever front-end framework that works for the project. I've got a soft corner for [tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) and [bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/). 

#### Some Projects I've Worked On: 
- [Hugon](https://github.com/hithismani/hugon): Python script that simplifies working with archetypes in Hugo. Enables bulk markdown file creation/editing via a single .csv! 
- [SwitchCase.xyz](https://github.com/hithismani/switchcase): Text/sentence conversion into random, sentence, capital, upper, lower, slug case including illegal case removal! Privacy friendly, quick, free and open source!
- [SyncWP](https://github.com/hithismani/syncwp): CLI script to migrate a PHP/Wordpress site from your local non/docker machine to a WPCLI + SSH enabled server. Seeks commands via a .YAML config file.
- [File2Drive](https://github.com/hithismani/file2drive):  Experimental script to transfer all files straight into another folder (eg: OneDrive, DropBox, System) using Python. Useful for automating font backups.
- [PicToSquare](https://github.com/hithismani/pictosquare): Experimental script that uses Python to enter a directory and make pictures “Instagram Ready” by framing them up into a no-crop square. 
- [PowFile](https://github.com/hithismani/powfile):  Quick script to help switch up Windows Powershell profile files or reset them back to normal. Useful for live demos & shell recording sessions.

#### What Can I Help You With? 🆘
- I can be your resident entrepreneur, working with you to solve any challenge you're experiencing. 
- I can help you find out ways to automate the tasks you didn't know needed automation.
- I can help you adopt the best ~~agile strategies for your product~~ cat/dog for your mental health. _(Just kidding, I can help you with both)_
- Opening your perspective on how having women in tech/positions of power can actually help you and the overall ecosystem.

#### Open Source Projects That Have Caught My Eye: 👀
- [n8n.io](https://n8n.io/): Doing to task automation, what [Mautic](https://www.mautic.org/) has done to email marketing.
- [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/): The fastest, easiest and most dependable static page generator out there.
- [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/): A framework for high performance, fast to code, ready for production python apps.
- [dokku](dokku): A PaaS solution that brings Heroku like deployments with Docker under the hood. 
- [DocAssemble](https://docassemble.org/): A free, open-source expert system for guided interviews and document assembly, based on Python, YAML, and Markdown.
- [WordOps](https://wordops.net/): "Painless" WordPress site management. 

#### A Quote I Resonate With. 🎯

> Jack of all, master of none <sup> <i>often times better than master of one </i></sup>

 Read more about me [on my personal site](https://manikumar.in).

Commit message:

Text Changes
Fixed Typos/Grammatical Errors/Some Sentence Formation

README.md, after:


### Hey There, I'm Mani. 👋 <sup> (He/Him/His) </sup>

![Image Of Mani Aimlessly Scrolling GitHub On Phone During A Live Event](https://manikumar.in/images/website/socialimg.jpg)

#### A Product Management Professional from India. 

##### 👒 Some Hats I Wear: Python + JAMstack Developer, Designer, Marketeer, S.E.O Consultant And Automation Junkie.

I’m a passionate entrepreneur with over 5 years of experience in building & scaling initiatives. I aim to combine my insights to join and help teams collaboratively identify pain points, automate/optimize workflows and reach goals. 

I'm passionate about working with initiatives and teams that promote mental health, animal care, create impact or make life easier. 

<!-- I'm sorry for using HTML in my Markdown file 🙉 -->

<details>
  <summary>I firmly believe that remote is the 'future' of work.</summary>
  
> *cough* Please join me in a rant on how "working remotely" and "working from home despite a global pandemic" are two *completely* different things. 🤨

</details>


#### What Would You Find On My GitHub? 
- Projects and working concepts that have helped automate/optimize mundane tasks, or test out new concepts.
- Projects that support my work as the Co-Founder and Product Lead at [TheMindClan](https://themindclan.com), a platform that's making mental health accessible (and a personal journey) to Indians.

#### What Do I Code In? 💻
I try learn any language that can help the teams of various projects I'm part of. My first preference would be Python (FastAPI/Flask/Django)  & Hugo with whichever front-end framework that works for the project. I've got a soft corner for [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) and [bootstrap](https://getBootstrap.com/) (*SUPER* pumped for version 5 btw). 

#### Some Projects I've Worked On: 
- [Hugon](https://github.com/hithismani/hugon): Python script that simplifies working with archetypes in Hugo. Enables bulk markdown file creation/editing via a single .csv! 
- [SwitchCase.xyz](https://github.com/hithismani/switchcase): Text/sentence conversion into random, sentence, capital, upper, lower, slug case including illegal case removal! Privacy friendly, quick, free and open source!
- [SyncWP](https://github.com/hithismani/syncwp): CLI script to migrate a PHP/Wordpress site from your local non/docker machine to a WPCLI + SSH enabled server. Seeks commands via a .YAML config file.
- [File2Drive](https://github.com/hithismani/file2drive):  Experimental script to transfer all files straight into another folder (eg: OneDrive, DropBox, System) using Python. Useful for automating font backups.
- [PicToSquare](https://github.com/hithismani/pictosquare): Experimental script that uses Python to enter a directory and make pictures “Instagram Ready” by framing them up into a no-crop square. 
- [PowFile](https://github.com/hithismani/powfile):  Quick script to help switch up Windows Powershell profile files or reset them back to normal. Useful for live demos & shell recording sessions.

#### What Can I Help You With? 🆘
- I can be your resident entrepreneur, working with you to solve any challenge you're experiencing. 
- I can help you find out ways to automate the tasks you didn't know needed automation.
- I can help you adopt the best ~~agile strategies for your product~~ cat/dog for your mental health. _(Just kidding, I can help you with both)_
- Opening your perspective on how having womxn (and intersectional representation) in tech/positions of power can actually help you and the overall ecosystem.

#### Open Source Projects That Have Caught My Eye: 👀
- [n8n.io](https://n8n.io/): Doing to task automation, what [Mautic](https://www.mautic.org/) has done to email marketing.
- [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/): The fastest, easiest and most dependable static page generator out there.
- [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/): A framework for high performance, fast to code, ready for production python apps.
- [dokku](dokku): A PaaS solution that brings Heroku like deployments with Docker under the hood. 
- [DocAssemble](https://docassemble.org/): A free, open-source expert system for guided interviews and document assembly, based on Python, YAML, and Markdown.
- [WordOps](https://wordops.net/): "Painless" WordPress site management. 

#### A Quote I Resonate With. 🎯

> Jack of all, master of none <sup> <i>often times better than master of one </i></sup>

 Read more about me [on my personal site](https://manikumar.in).
